oh there he is go get him if you no
way you got to go you got to sneak up
and hit him get in there and aim down
the stairs with a pan yeah just pain him
to death oh right
there
what oh that's the guy who
shot oh there's people inside this
building
guys please no way it hits me hit no way
that should be perfect
today's video is sponsored by pubg as me
BL and Smitty are hopping back on some
pubg to check out the newly refreshed
San Hawk map if you guys don't know
about the sanhok map it's this awesome
lush jungle map in pubg and it's also
their fastest most chaotic map that they
have and it just got even more chaotic
that's right they've added Sand Hawk
destruction that's right there's
destructible elements throughout the map
now you can blow up whole entire
buildings if you want you see a team
camping in a building boom you could
shoot a Panzer F at it Blow the whole
building into Smither reads and you know
eliminate everybody inside maybe you're
caught out in the open need some cover
throw a grenade down create a big old
crater hide in the hole or you can just
be stupid and do dumb stuff like us and
of course with this new patch there's a
new survivor pass this time it's the Let
It Snow pass and we're going to be doing
a giveaway that's right we're going to
put some codes down below so you guys
can pick up some codes and go get your
Survivor pass and unlock awesome new
stuff and new cosmetics in the game
while you're exploring the destructible
environment of sandhawk if you guys can
do me a favor support my channel and
support pubg by going and checking it
out and playing the new patch and trying
out the new sandhawk destruction that's
right all you got to do is click the
link down below or go download pubg it's
completely free to play a ton of fun go
hop on with some friends explore blow
some stuff up and cause some chaos and
hey maybe even get a winner winner
chicken dinner right remember that and
for whatever reason you guys need some
more info you can click the link Down
Below in the description to the pubg
website to get even more information on
the patch thank you guys for watching
leave a like if you enjoy leave me
comments down below and I'll see you
guys in the next video peace let's get
into
it there what the hell is this lame ass
dude this is a costume party get the
hell out I don't have any costumes this
is a costume party don't make me kick
you out here are you a lobster maybe
guys I have an announcement no way he's
level 47 his name is SMI I was going to
say put whatever you want on there but
oh editor put your favorite word on that
that's a great emote I like that one all
right let's go pubg Battlegrounds please
Tyler's buying stuff oh yeah you look
awesome he joined the costume party nice
you look
sick surrounded by idiots
back here you little lobster what do you
want duck man you want to go you cannot
emote in this location I want to join
you it says join group emote I hope this
song is non copyright it's not it's not
I don't think it is you can turn down
emo volume though you should do that
turn down emot volume and a settings
turn down emo volume right now okay yeah
yeah okay I'm just letting you know you
should say it 43,000 more times right
now I got to make sure they know all
right this is sen Hawk this is sand
we're going to new and improved Sand
Hawk with destructible and
hold on I don't really like Paradise
Resort can we go to
mnai mnai what about tamb bang I kind of
don't mind coming in hot oh God guys I
don't mean to alarm you but I already
have a firearm it's been a while since I
played pubg let me just it's been a
while if you could stop open firing next
to me that would be so cool with bullets
can you shoot him all right let's do a
test I got shot pick that up pick that
up we need that
iive I got to Rive I see them I see them
they're coming
in you said that really lame yeah right
buddy you think you can you think you
can take me out buddy it seems like they
actively think that and are are doing
that they're following through with
their threats help help help are you
guys doing anything oh my God I got
knocked down instantly T Tyler is a guy
around the court he's coming he's coming
re nice another one should be pushing
violently he's pushing he's pushing he's
right here Tyler Ty on my mark on my
Mark I I tried I tried to give you
everything yeah I know you did you did
you did I just was reloading well on the
bright side I don't think I did a single
bit of damage I was not expecting to be
shot so soon I didn't know people were
would
land they didn't they ran over a hill
that's not a joke I literally saw them
run from the trees why didn't you warn
us because
I'm editor put stupid on the sign guys I
found an inflatable boat that's actually
poggers believe that's called a
raft what the holy mother of hell was
what did you do I found a little
something what'd you throw at me is that
a
grenade yeah you think it's funny now
yeah yeah me pulling Lego me pulling
mortar shells are you kidding me I
didn't know that was friendly fire do me
a favor and when you revive me stand in
front of my mortar to see what happens I
I will I will I think that's a fair
trade all right like right here yeah I
think that should be good just stare
down the barrel that thing step
two why'd you move coward why'd you move
I didn't Mo I was trying to make sure it
was right on me you move wait now do it
now do it now can you do I'm literally
out of mortar I said I had one more you
know what this will have to do what are
you trying to do right now nothing that
sounds like a sticky bomb
no oh it's just does
it wait
Carrie I got a guy dude put him down
down man I'm going to throw another
sticky bomb on you if you keep chill
chill chill
it's ch I just needed to check out what
the Ducks working with I'm real tired of
your shenanigans Shenanigans flanigans
bamans flaman amig I'm eating out of the
Canan I'm eating out of the can manig
we're uh we're not representing game
well dying we just blew each other up
for three minutes and then Zone came oh
zetki take that take that take that
Tyler you jump down there I got enough
heals you jump down there get on there
with him I'll show you jump down do I
just fall or down and play your
parachute without I'm cheering for you
look at me he hit the thing hold on I'm
still deploy oh little late oh we're wow
that was close all right get it we got
to dip wait we are so close hold on we
can actually make it oh we're so close
oh we're dudes we're
ring you just Smitty you just knock a
guy no I'm trying to and I missed
somehow it's going to be a shame the
minute we get in there and uh we get
shot at where's this here to help oh
they're all the way over there just
marked them oh oh they're near they're
next to oh you just I knocked out from
falling I'll be fod I'll be fod for you
I'll go up they're going to look at me
they're going to be like oh he's not a
threat he's just a wounded guy oh yeah
he's right on me he's right behind the
tree got shot by somebody else got shot
in the forehead there's so many people
in that spot like there were AC like
four different teams bro didn't even
make it out of the trench that's crazy
as when I said that's going to happen a
duck and a frog and a lobster walk into
the Blue Zone
not a good day to be a frog and a log a
tog [__] a
dog you ready up there's a team here
okay well why don't you why don't you
tell me good news good news is they're
on the other side Oh you mean the side
I'm on okay I'm hearing a lot of feet
I'm hearing a lot of feet oh they have
guns I've been killed who could have
possibly saw this coming anyway Lop oh
wa what the hell was that what was that
hold on hold on hold on would you throw
at me I didn't throw anything yeah you
did what was that object that flew by my
face I don't know you could throw pan
and n p
Nan Tyler help Tyler why would I help
you we're on the same team we're on the
same team him throw a pan at him Speedy
throw a pan I will help you if you come
in here and don't throw a pan at me I'm
not going to I'm not going I'm coming in
with a weapon we got to go
get you little bastard you're very
sneaky hit me from there I dare you I
[__] Dare You Ain no way you can do
it try to help marry this [__] yeah
ain't no way you can do it from there
hell no I hope that shit's 5T
short that might have been the lamest
thing I've ever seen happen no
uhoh ow oh he ate that he wore that [__]
Good Eats Good Eats where'd it go pan
fight no throw it up throw it up I want
to catch it oh my God I'm launching that
actually went so high that actually went
so high
that thing was up there I don't want
that it's time for the ritual why you
taking a photo dude help me team please
no way it hits me there no way that
should be
[Laughter]
perfect so
violent dance on please come shoot him
where are those guys at yeah they shot
you once and then let us just have a war
with a pan do you think they've been
watching they're like these guys mean no
harm see if you can destroy the
environment oh there he is go get him if
you no
way you got to go you got to sneak up
and hit him get in there and aim down
the stairs with a pan yeah just pan him
to death right
there
what it just sailed right over him
s right I'm just just imagining it from
his
perspective imagine man FES over his
head imagine he was in the L
window Dead look at you
dead imagine you was in the loot window
and you just see a pan randomly show up
on the loot and then you turn to your
left and see that creature just blink
you he if he was in third person he
would literally see it fly across the
screen
oh my god oh let's go John check out my
favorite word in the world we all
animals this was just my outfit already
John look we all have signs featuring
our favorite slur there's a guy here
with a purple purple parachute blue Mark
let's beat him up if we when we land
beat him up beat him up actually beat
him up actually beat him up land on him
land on him his parachute beat him up
beat him up beat him up beat him
up I'm stuck in the wall I'm stuck in W
nice huge good play good play I'm
throwing I'm throwing a C4 over here it
might kill so many weap I don't know if
you need to do that it's I threw over
the ledge you're fine a that's
me there there's no way you ran into
that I hate you I was I started down
here you dumb [__] open your eyes pick
me up man I got to shoot Smitty with his
Panzer nice all because of Smitty all
because of
Smitty guys I took this guy's fuzzy
boots Smitty maybe stop playing with
explosive hey help mey help me
it's we should go to campong camp P oh
dude I love Camp pong oh there it is I
got time to pee for
that holy moly he's got a healthy stream
there's a backpack here if you one Tyler
two guys are dead back nice
M
[Music]
oh you're a
[__] he's on my body in that house he
was just in a corner bro he went to the
left in the room to the left in the room
he's in there I'm going
[Music]
in wow ain't no way Ain't No Way guys
Ain no
way oh my God through
that there's two John there's two
there's three one that person has a
glowing nose that might be reindeer
man
blasted SE got blasted back their
teammate died though their teammate died
it was worth it oh my god dude dude
sitting in the house some [__] shito he
was there for so long his team was just
hiding apparently somewhere else he was
sitting inside of a little potted plant
bro he's in a little tree look at that
chicken SP
whoa a back door oh my God bro is level
437 this is what this he lives here look
at them chicken thighs dude look at his
too he's got a front porch and back in
the private folder I have a Panzer file
so what can I do with that oh that's
that's a rocket launcher oh my God I
have yes I have a rocket launcher yeah
wait Tyler see if you can like blow his
building up with it true that would be
very important ow ow ow I'm getting
[__] lit up bring to you oh there's
people inside this building
[Music]
guys Jes well you got one of them did it
work a guy here you didn't tell me that
was I didn't know it was I thought it
was a teammate I thought it was a
teammate too oh so we're both in the
wrong mat he's resing his friend right
on yellow ping he's on you he's coming
to you on the other side of your thing
on the other side of your thing there's
a guy coming off my body guy coming on
my body he's coming for my body the
fragen wagon get me oh he's pushing you
stick you can stick there's two he's
coming around the wall he's coming
around the wall he's coming around the
wall he's sing Oh God he's com's
throwing he's
throwing wait that was a different thing
his grenade blew up there was two
explosions it's fun it's
fun I got killed by a grenade I saw that
someone else I think it as well back to
back to Lobby back to Lobby I just heard
pzer f the wall exploded dudee imagine a
frog going 200 km an hour towards the
Earth this is an insane game why did I
pull that the hell me when I see my
dad's never
mind no you're real for that wait that's
not that's not the bridge no that's not
the bridge no that was on uh was on the
a original I'm playing I'm gaming I'm
gaming oh my God I almost turned on this
guy in here hot hot where is he turn me
on you turn me on he's in there he's
weak me trying to revive Grandma it's
been two
dude this place that's a tanky fell huh
I'm just ass at aiming honestly yeah I
didn't want to say it you guys [__]
in
me oh I got shot from two angles dude oh
that's the guy who shot
me your mother and she has a
loose that sound was
incredible oh that's the guy that shot
me pun he hit you with the motorcycle
was the loudest Squish and then that
audio comes through
all right dibs on this Hut what is this
I'm just a few Huts over don't you worry
about me well come on over if you need
something just a few Huts over e I'm
just a few Huts over here just a hops
skiing a jump on over here is where I'm
at you need anything you need to borrow
my wife or anything come on over yeah
I'll borrow your wife if you don't mind
honestly I've been thinking about it for
a while now this this either Nola or a
Canadian oh it's Canadian just a quick
switch Quick Change of accent oh no it
got so much
worse dude he's still going damn bro how
hard that pan hit I just used my
bandages P him in the ass yeah Tyler
pick me up oh I the hole you created
a Tyler pick me up I'm here thanks for
picking me up I tried to slow down bro I
feel like I didn't hit you that fast
just keep in mind I don't have much
health so try not to drive into anything
or
me should have said on me you can drive
into that should have said that I that I
will allow let's jump over Smitty true I
don't think it'll work if I do it we
should probably Rive he's going to die
we're going to win this game he wants to
do there's a med kit there it
is I was just trying to jump open I
picked up the oh I I would love
one all
[Laughter]
right there's a level two in here oh my
God I'm getting shot aty shoot oh no no
no no no they're on me they're not oh
he's right here oh don't full kill me
where where where where
I I just out there oh up the Rocks
they're up the hill no my green rock
that I just pinged dog no they're up the
hill too maybe you should like get us
out of here silent we got to be
quiet we could have just took the
regular
bike yeah
[__] as soon as Matt
cheers Grandpa after I put the fart tube
in
wait car Tyler Tyler get this
destruction on camera I'm going to blow
up this house wait not my house
right oh oh W oh my God oh my God I
really destroyed this thing hey there's
a backpack here wait for it wait for
it this is going to be good you got to
bring me close guys stop moving John I
think they're trying to with this no
guys we're not at all oh [__] oh stop
that oh that's bad John that's really
bad tricked them they do the same thing
have to throw it you dumb [__] he just
swung
it where am I getting shot from like
there's another one there's no way it
was there is definitely another one I
think there's behind in the trees he is
p he is pushing but you have time he's
pushing from the left he's going to be
Northwest okay there's the other guy I
don't know where he was we're getting
stealthy felt really close he's running
straight towards you now it should be
easy oh that one hit
in got becomes the hunted I felt like I
just got hunted by Christopher Columbus
he had stronger [__] than I did bro
[Music]
h